# Contract 
File Hash Contract 
follows a path system for user and user system for transactions and crypto details based # SHA-256 , X11 , Etash crypto mining algorithms 
for system user with account on cloud hash 

                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                 
                                                    [cloud-hash file contract user agreement]
                                                    
                                                    Cloud-hash contract is a pre-made cryptocurrency 
                                                    contract made with rules exsiting for customer 
                                                    and provider security and a policy. User
                                                    agreement follows protocols based on the princple 
                                                    outline that the user should make an account 
                                                    set primeary email. Keep wallets protected 
                                                    with Private-keys stored where no can get ahold 
                                                    of the never store crypto-keys on a device 
                                                    unless a piece of paper or a nano_ledger. For best 
                                                    protection from theft or losing funds. User must 
                                                    agree to terms that if private keya are lost or lose
                                                    of memernoic phase of 12 , 15 , 24 words have total 
                                                    access to there wallets full stored history of transactions
                                                    transfers public key also the private key 
                                                    for users saftey best declared to keep senstive 
                                                    info. about account details of device and web.
                                                    User must agree that any damage done by done load 
                                                    of any cloud-hash info harms a device the user 
                                                    will take full repsonse abilitly and the provider
                                                    ownder or developler can not be blamed. A user agreement 
                                                    should be followed to a tee for perfect version / v0.01
                                                    nothing more nothing less. SHA-256 shall have contract with 
                                                    5TH - $25.50 and X11 - 3.5 kol $15.00 and ehash 1 PH 
                                                    KOL, TH , PH are the different mining hashs speed for the 
                                                    gpu or cpu core processor built inside the device being used.
                                                    BTC contracts or ETH contracts a small verison of a trial shall
                                                    be made for general concept feel of mining 14 day trail. user can 
                                                    quit trail anytime user decides before the 14 day trail is up 
                                                    if user goes over trial min. then user must pay recommecned 
                                                    miner fee or use wallet balances to pay off the fee. 
                                                    
                                                
                                                  
